
# Frequently Asked Questions
- [How do I install Score?](#how-do-i-install-score)
- [How does Score work?](#how-does-score-work)
- [What is Score?](#what-is-score)
- [What's the difference between Score and the Score implementation?](#what's-the-difference-between-score-and-the-score-implementation)
- [Why should I use Score?](#why-should-i-use-score)

<a name="how-do-i-install-score"></a>
## How do I install Score?

You can get started by visiting our [docs](https://docs.score.dev/docs/get-started/install/).

<a name="how-does-score-work"></a>
## How does Score work?

Score is an open source, platform-agnostic, container-based workload specification that allows developers to define their workloads once and then use a Score Implementation CLI to translate it to multiple platforms, such as Helm, Docker Compose, or Google Cloud Run. Score aims to reduce developer toil and cognitive load by only requiring a single YAML file that works across multiple platforms, and is designed to be applied to multiple environments to reduce the amount of configuration needed.

<a name="what-is-score"></a>
## What is Score?

Score is an open source, platform-agnostic, container-based workload specification. This means you can define your workload once with the Score Specification and then use a Score Implementation CLI to translate it to multiple platforms, such as Helm, Docker Compose or Google Cloud Run.

<a name="what's-the-difference-between-score-and-the-score-implementation"></a>
## What's the difference between Score and the Score implementation?

Score is the specification while the Score implementation is the CLI tool used to translate a `score.yaml` file into an output of your choice.

<a name="why-should-i-use-score"></a>
## Why should I use Score?

Score helps to improve the developer experience by being combined with other workflows and is not meant to replace yaml. Infrastructure and development teams can use this specification to improve workflows throughout their organization.

Using Score provides the following advantages:

- The developer only needs to learn the _Score Specification_ to define the workloads that run across all these platforms.
- The _Score Specification_ is designed to be applied to multiple environments to reduce the amount of configuration.
- An infrastructure team can help define and configure the resources and multiple platforms where the developer can work on.

<hr>

Generated by [FAQtory](https://github.com/willmcgugan/faqtory)